*For editing: https://github.com/Jefaxe/CelestialUnderworld/blob/main/StoriesDump/The%20Girl%20of%20Earth.txt*
*This story is follows Freind of the Author*



"Vivien! Pay attention!"

I jolted awake, my head throbbing and i looked around; we were in social studies class. Ah yes, now i remember. At college, aged 16. Concentrate. Concentrate..... AH! Awake. Board. Look. Information. Yes. Okay. Ah...

Its now lunchtime and my best friend since I was 5 years old is eating with me, and I'm happy. We laugh and hug, share moments which I now treasure forever more because of what happened that night. We walked, talked and laughed on the way toward our homes, though this memory seems to play in slow motion now, every moment trickling by me, every one with her. As we neared the corner, a man ran down the street, escaping from a robbery or something, the hell I care. All I care is that as he ran past, another man shot after him and the bullet missed. Well, it missed him at least. But it hit Shara right in the middle of her forehead, and she fell to the ground immediately, her head bleeding. Another bullet had hit me in the arm. I froze. What should I do?!? I tried to get my phone out and call 999 but i fumbled because I was nervous and I dropped it, and it cracked. Shit. Fuck. No. GAHHAGJAJFSJDGGAHAHAHAG. Ahahahahah-hha-h-a--hah-ha-hhaa-hah-ahah-ha-ha-haha-ha. I feel sick. Help. Help me. Lord God oh my god lord please, please. AH. I blacked out.


When I awoke it was dark, probably around 8pm. Freezing. Cold. Dying. Thoughts fogging in the blizzard of death. My fimly vud e 'king ur me, a' Shara 'ers, i thought in a haze. There was a mail van. Warmth. Refuge. Safety, if only temporary . If I could just get to it, -ah. Blacked out again. Light. Crawl a few meters. Black out. Repeat for what feels like hours but may just be minutes, iIhave no way of knowing. I finally reach the mail van and with superhuman strength open the back door (heaved myself up to it), and crawl in- DANG WHY DID I THINK OF SHARA AGAIN FUCK, I cant loose her its too much we've been through too much, our first play date, our first day of school, of secondary, we were always there for each other. I have no one.... the void of emotions encompasses me and the world blackens away.

I slowly awake to a young-looking man, dressed in a black suit and with clocks in his eyes, although he looked only about 25-30, something about him seemed... ancient. Anyway, this man was staring over me, and I was on a hospital bed. He had saved my life. He saw my eyes open and immediately walked back and shrieked in delight, waving his hands nonstop. I slowly lift my head and ask him where I am. He says I am in a high-tech time travelling ship called the Remphii. I ask where my friend is, and says sadly she died. No. This could not have happened. She could not have died. I below and below, and Johnathon McColl (as he later tells me his name is), asks me if he can carry me to my room, and i barely manage to nod. Next thing I know Johnathon is knocking on my door, asking if im okay, and if I want to go home. I say first I need something to eat, and he says okay, leaves, and returns promptly with a hamburger and chips on a plate. I eat them slowly and calmly whilst he sits at the end of my bed.

"Ca- You said this was a time machine right?" I asked Johnathon

"Mhm"

"Well-um, can we save Shara? Is that possible?".

"Not how it works. If we were to save her, they'd be another you that was there, and we cant have 2 of the same person in the same timeline for long or the timeline decays, but we can save her for another version of you, and visit her every now and then".

"I-okay. That-I think that would help".

"Alrighty-" Johnathon gets up and ushers me down the corridor and up some stairs into the scifi room I entered, well crawled, through.

"Okay, continuity/timeline lesson! A continuity is a set of continues events, and are self-existent. A timeline is the collection of all temporal locations (events) throughout time within one continuity, and a new one is created every time a decision is made. Continuities are numbered, with CU- (for unknown reasons*) at the begging, for convivence, although this is not in order. We are currently in CU-737, and when we do what we are about to do, we will create a timeline called CU-7370177016, with the 177016 standing for 'shara' ".

*This is actually because CU stands for Celestial Underworld, the name of the greater continuity (the entire thing)

"Um... okay I think I got that".

"Cool", Johnathan yanks down a leaver and Remphii starts to shake

For about 1 minute Remphii continues to shake and then when it finally stops and we walk out the back of the van into a dark alleyway. I see me and Shara. The two gangsters appear and i pick up a glass bottle and smash it over the second one's head, the one who did - or I guess will - kill(ed) Shara and almost me. The first gangster runs off and Jonathon takes the second's gun and throws it away into the DETYP. Johnathon hands me a sticker with the text "CU-7370177016", the name of this new reality/timeline/continuity we just created. It feels quite surreal, actually. In a way, i created an entire universe. Sure, I just copy-pasted my home one and altered one decision, but still. Surreal. We walk back into Remphii and I sit down on the couch on the far side, taking out my rubix cude and playing with it, no matter that I couldn't solve it. Jonathon asks me what we should do, and I say for now I just want to chilax in my room and explore the place. He says okay, and hands me a key that he says I can use it to open any door and it will take me back to my corridor. I nod, head downstairs to my room, lie down on my bed and open YouTube. There's no connection. Of course there's no connection, I'm probably not even on earth. After about 5 minutes of lying on my bed, I walk out of the room and back up to the control room to find Johnathon still meddling around with the controls, assumingly tweaking our flight to who-knows-where; I'll ask later, for now I just want WiFi.

"Um, Johnathon"

Johnathon jumps up; he clearly didn't hear me enter the room.

"Ah yes, we don't have your normal earth WiFi, but I do have a new phone you could use here to connect to both our web (called the Cosmic Cybernet) and your Earthly Web, both through the Cosmic Wide Internet Exchange System, or CWIES for short. Here you go" Johnathon hands Vivien a slightly larger black phone with no case

"How- I have stuff on my phone - y'know, photos and all that - how will I transfer it?"

"Simply put the new phone on top of the old one, it'll copy the information in about 5 seconds. It doesn't actually take that long, but it slows itself down for security purposes."

"Mhm okay." Vivien looks down and does as Johnathon instructed "I'll just- I'll go back to my room now if that's okay? And thanks for the new phone <3"

"Yeah yeah ofc!" Johnathon gets back to work

Back in my room I watch YouTube for a bit and then decide to go on a walk throughout the massive place. I leave my room, remembering to pick up the Special Key, put my headphones down around my shoulders and my new phone in my pocket. Then I decide, nah I'll listen to some music so I open Spotify (which is the earth one), and turn on the music as I walk through the corridors. Every now and then I catch a glimpse of a green light, but then I miss it. Many rooms are found, including a room with the word "Afgap IIX" on it, which contained a sofa and a small retro TV, and even a massive dining hall called "Ekpev XV". I'd never been in a room so big with no other people... There were portraits of people I did not recognise with names like "Pharaoh Atum" (that was at the top of the room, I could hardly see it), "Brother Abiraytha" (surrounded by roses), and "President John", "President Smith", "President Dhama", and "President Bardick", which had a small label on it saying "current". Interesting. Anyway, I sat down at one of the many seats and scrolled through my phone for a while.

Suddenly, I felt a distant sound of clogs moving. I went to the door of the room (or one of many), and I saw the corridor was changing, I could see a swarm of different corridors, and this time it showed a room opposite labelled "Lounge", it was quite spacious but so I relaxed in it for a bit, the left and used the Key to get out and was back in my room; it was actually dinner time by now so Johnathon called me and lead me to... the room I had found before anyway. I said this and he acknowledged it. Through our conversations I learned that those Presidents on the wall ruled a place called Aevi on a planet called Skuldifey, in a dimension known as Lurin. It blew my mind that we were not just going to another planet, but another universe entirely. Do not, however, mistake this "universe" concept with the one of continuites, or timelines. As we were finishing our pudding (raspberry pie), Johnathon McColl told me he was first taking me to Ingolurin ("the Dead Sun/World/Realm"), where we would meet "someone very important".



We landed on a small planet with a solitary tree atop it. Lovely. Johnathon crawls through a tiny door within it, so I follow. Inside is.. well its the biggest and most fabulous Library you've ever seen. Books flying from one way to another, branches of trees that were growing within moving around and even sorting books, and in the centre of it all lay a shape, slowly forming. A young androgynous boy, who if you looked at from the right angel appeared a beautiful woman, another angel an old man, and another yet an androgyne in their 20s. He walked towards us, slowly materialising. He seemed as just an extension of the library itself, which although i could see only a fraction of it, I sensed did not end. The young m- the young woman introduced her-himself as Gabriel Razicos I'll just say person and they/them from now on, not because Gabriel is neutral but because their gender appearance shifts and morphs even as I'm thinking I thought. Gabriel guides us through the library and tells us about how this place is (as I suspected) the physical manifestation of all the knowledge in the universe, although they did also mention that it is only the currently-known knowledge, not all possible-to-know things, and that it would be impossible to see it all. Johnathon and Razicos catch up, whilst I go exploring around for a bit. Up a staircase, around a corner, through a.. bush? Climbing up a... tree? I guess I'll have to get used to these oddities.

"Vivien!"

Johnathon was calling. Left. Right. Down.

"Hello-"

He's not there. They'd walked on. Wait no, this wasn't where I came from. Shit.

"Johnathon!"

"Vivie..." His voice had faded out, but from an unknown location. There was no way of me getting back. I ran down some corridors, turning randomly and yelling out his name, but alas, nothing. Exhausted, I sat down to catch my breath. Looking up I noticed I was in a room with a massive table on it, and on the table was a tree, and beneath it another, upside down. The tree was laden with different spirals of energy: there was a clock next to an ancient sparkling globe beneath one branch; a mountain higher up to the opposite side; and below there were fiery pits, dried out clamps of stone, and one area that was a writhing serpent. And in the centre was an small island, hiding between both the upper and lower roots.

"Vivien!"

I walk towards Johnathon relieved to be found, and Gabriel says that what I was looking at was an interactive map of the entire cosmos. I asked where we were and they said kinda everywhere at once, I quote "We are within the wood of the Great Tree". As we walk out of the room, I notice a mirror which reflected me but not quite perfectly, it felt like it was copying me, like there were many versions of myself echoing down that mirror into a tunnel, each one copying by its own accord and not automatically.

We (me, Johnathon, and Gabriel, who is still constantly shifting) walk down a corridor to a grand entrance hall, not where we came in from. This entranceway opened into a grand library, but this time mundane and not magical. Gabriel leaves us here, saying they cannot tread beyond the walls of the library. Once out, I catch up to Johnathon and ask him why we came here. Advice on what to do with you, he says and laughs. I ask what he meant,

"Well your still in need of higher education, so I've decided to enrol you in the Eternal Academy, if that's okay with you?"

"Wow! That sounds mystical, what is it?"

"The name's mainly for the looks, but its a college to educate people on time travel, and general education as well. It is known as one of the best in the cosmos"

"Yeah, sure. When do I start?"

"Tomorrow morning"

"OOooh, okay!"
P
Me and Johnathon make it back to Aevi on Johnathon's home planet Skuldifey (which is in a different dimension, Lurin). I met Orhill Grainright, Leo and Arcane Zaik at the university, and we live fabulously. Learn physics to a higher and more accurate degree than I ever would have on Earth, and learn Rodrellian Metaphysics, which teaches of the magic and supertechnology of the Shrobmephan (Johnathon's race). Orhill doesn't really talk to people, but can talk to her friends quitely, and can also use a device to talk for her if she needs it, but her friends understand her. She breakdowns easily under pressure and irregularity, but is very sweet and I do love her (platonically). She comes from another dimension, Rushakine, where there is a major goddess Babalon at the centre of the 7 plains, and thus Orhill has the power to teleport short distances. Arcane is chaotic and unpredictable, but lessens it down for Orhill when its too much, and xe come from a planet in the Andromeda Galaxy called Eorka which is hidden, and xe has black wings. Leo comes from another town on Skuldifey, and... is very kind. He has antlers, which is very cool! Over the next 5 years we grow very close (university here is much longer), and they become the best friends I've ever had in my life. Suddenly, when we are celebtrating our 5th year at university (of 7), in the year 2023 A.D., we notice on the TV that the current President Strylathzelaonithar has been replaced by President Bardick Dyvinathkfrolichar through an electrion which some think was not entirely legimate. Johnathon comes rushing in saying we MUST get in Remphii as fast as possible because Bardick was planning to start a Chronarchist Empire which would make us trapped here under his command for all eternity. We run as quickly as possible and I ask why no everyone is leaving, and he says that Remphii is not infact a normal MOWE but instead one from the future which can fit through the closing gaps of a Warped Quagmire which is what Bardick's making, and into Chronoplis, a hidden city and planet of Time, where it is rumoured the dead souls of the Shrobmephan roam. We manage to get into it just as its leaving, and we set off before doing a head count. Worst mistake of our lives. Leo had been left behind. I scream at Johnathon to let us back but he says Quagmire's cannot be broken into and that we will never see Leo ever again. I can't take this, I've already lost Shara, this is too much! Huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuuhh AAHHH I begin to break down screaming, screaming until my lungs dry up and I black out, as I'm screaming I vaguely hear Orhill break down quitely, likely not because of Leo because she takes longer to proccess emotions, but because i'm being to noisy, but in the moment I don't even care I just want this all to end, to get Leo back, because, if I'm honest I loved him. I loved Leo with all my heart, he was so funny, his hair was so soft, he was smart and witty but daft sometimes in a funny way, and BOY did he have an amazing fashion sense, I once saw him wearing a dress and blue mackup, with a massive coat over it. GAHHH I DON'T WANT TO LOOSE HIM.

I wake up in my old bed within Remphii later, and walk down the corridor until I find Orhill's room. She's quitely crying into her pillow. I come up behind her and give her a hug; ask her what's wrong and she muuters leo... I nod and we curl up together, with Orhil silently crying into my t-shirt....

I hear the door open, jolt awake and Orhil is at the desk silently working on her diary on the computer. Arcane comes in to say hello, and its clear xe's been crying. Xer wings only just make it through the door, but then xe sat down on the bed beside me and hugged me.

CHAPTER TWO: "Time Keeps Spinning"
>>VIVIEN's POV<<<
We travel with Johnathon McColl for 5 years going on many adventures, until one day he goes off on his own, as he does sometimes, and leaves us in a hotel on a planet in the Andromeda galaxy. 3 hours later we get a call on the phone. We all go to it, me Orhill and Arcane, and answer it. Gabriel appears holographically and informs us that Johnathon had travelled to a remote planet called Orrijiq, a bit away from the closed-off Skuldifey. Whilst on this planet, he was chased by an angle who had fallen from heaven, and a mysteroius voice. He ended up in a room with a locket on the table, and pressed it, immediatly a beam of green light appeared and abducted him. He us now lost and we have no idea where he is. 
>>>JOHNATHON'S POV<<<
Its been 5 years with the Girl of Earth and her friends from the University, going on many adventures. Today I left them to their own devices, as we do sometimes, and I found an old house. A winged figure with no face who appeared to speak from the wrong angels was chasing me, deep into the house, down in the cellar, until I found a table with a locket on it. Out of curiosity, I opened the locket and a beam of eery green light escaped it, and I jerked forward into it, as I felt my world crush and shrink around myself. 
When I awoke, I was inside a small white room with a camera and voice intercom in the corner. A mysteroius voice spoke and informed me that I was now in their little game because I must pay for what has been done to them. I was confused, and said I did nothing, and the voice replied that it doesn't matter because SOMEONE must pay! 
Suddenly, the world around me turns away and horror begins to unfold as I see every decision I regret, ever. And that is a lot when you've lived 500 years. So...many regrets. I'm sorry I couldn't save your girlfriend Aisham! I'm sorry. I'm sorry... I'm sorry. 
Aisham appears and tells me that although she had forgiven me, she no longer does. AHHHH! She then gets a gun out and shoots me, and I feel the pain that every soul on Atareus felt as it burned, BURNED, in the basking light of my mistake, when I spoke 1 minute too long to Qirepek, my dearest dwarf (actual dwarf not human with dwarfism) friend of the 1536 A.D. If I had come one minute earlier, no one would have died, but now over 4 billion people cried out in pain as starship destroyed their planet, and know I feel every second of that pain, every moment from every person...
This guilt-chamber continues on and on for an incompresinbile amount of time, trailed with horror runs and pure torture, yet try as I might I can never die. Ever. The pain. It is so, so much. AHHHH!
God (the voice everpresent) my Great High Lord has been evermercifil for not inflicting infinite pain, and and and and and he is SO SO kind for saving me, SAVING ME! He told me that after 15 years the tormet will end, and for that I PRAISE HIM EVERMORE! My body twitches, shakes and cracks. I jolt onto the floor and smash my skull to pieces out of pure instrict to end the pain, and just like the last 15 years it reformed itself as I crushed it, never letting me die. Master says the external torture ended 8 years ago and since then it has been purely my own tormen- AGAHGAHGAHGAHGAHGAHGHAGAHGHAGAHAGHA THE PAAAAAIIIIIN HELPMEEE AH-AH-AH-AH
The Voice enters my head, bringing me back up to attention so as not to face punishment of a thousand suns, and it cracks my skull with its volume and effect. It tells me that it must leave now, and that another traveler will arrive. I scream it not to, but alas it is gone. Soon, the person foretold arrives and I inflict what was inflicted upon me unto him. Over the years, I realise he is what I was, but that just makes me more angry toward him because he has what I can never have, so he MUST PAY! MUST PAY! MUST PAY!

Eventually, I see a light open at the end of the tunnel, and so hence I say unto the meaningless scap of an entity, that I must leave. In doing so I shatter it's brain, and it screams out at me not too. 

I am free. It's been so long, I've forgotten my name. I think I will be.. Yothan. I am in the universe again, and now I see true beauty. True beauty that can be only appreciated after the cleansing I have experienced. True beauty, which is total destruction.
I am still in the basement I was in when I left, although from the clock on the all it has been 3 years. Felt much longer. But no matter, time and space are at my expense now. In the back of my head j vaguely remember another person, a companion and a friend... But friends don't matter, nothing matters except the beauty I will bring forth.
I smile, go upstairs, and open the doors of Remphii, who appeare worn down on the outside, and currently looks like a red phone box. I take off, landing in a 59th century planet with incredibly advanced weaponry, and immediately teleport to the High President (with my teleport bracelet), and kill him, assuming Absolute President as per the fact I could kill everyone here with one click of a button. I summon Remphii, who seems against my apprarent plan, for which I then torture it for 24 hours. No incompliance tolerated, that's my (new) slogan. Using Remphii, I shift the entire planet along with all its weaponry and a portal to the 59th century, into 21st century Lurin, near Skuldifey. It starts to fall into the black hole which Skuldifey orbits. Whilst it was falling, I realised that although I couldnt access current or future Skuldifey (due to the Chronarchist thing), I could travel to its past. So I took a quick nip into a thousand years ago, and planned to simply take over Skuldifey, but it would turn out less simple.
When I arrived there, a lady who called herself Jodie, and appears to have been hiding away on Remphii, for who knows how long, appeared. 
"Why,why,why, hello there sweetie, how long I've waited for this duel..." Jodie wispered in my ear. I immediately wipped round to attack her, and she was gone.
"Ah, ah, ah, let's be clear here. Your very much physically stronger than me, so I took myself the liberty of disabling your teleport bracelet whilst we were in transit [Yothan's bracelet crackels and sparks fly off it], and using an inhanced one myself. "
"You godforsaken *bitch*", I spit.

